# Installation and Configuration

## Installation

### New project set up
Please follow the instructions to set up a new project in [this video](https://drive.google.com/a/domandtom.com/file/d/1-bS05Xs8dyO2Z07o_f8sx2xVImSRRLLK/view?usp=sharing), this should also give you a better idea how to set up the project in local environments.

### Using docker

A docker configuration is provided

If you want to use a domain you will need to edit your hosts file to point `placetopay.local` to your localhost `127.0.0.1`, you should add this to your hosts file:

```
127.0.0.1	placetopay.local
```

Then you can get the containers up and running:

```bash
./bin/development.sh
```

This will create the containers for MySQL, Redis and PHP + Nginx.

Once the containers are up, open a new tab in your terminal to access the php container.

```bash
./bin/exec-app-container.sh
```

Once you are inside the container, navigate to the project's folder `cd /var/www/html/`

You should be ready for configuration!

>Please note that in this configuration you should use `http://placetopay.local/` as the domain for the application

### Configure the Scaffold project

Once the project has been downloaded and the services are running, follow the configuration steps

- In the php container run `touch storage/oauth-private.key && touch storage/oauth-public.key`
- In the php container or in the root of the project run `composer install` to install all the dependencies.
    > You will need to enter the laravel nova credentials during the installation, please ask Jose Fonseca or your tech lead for them.
- Create a .env file that looks like the following
    ```
    APP_ENV=local
    APP_DEBUG=true
    APP_KEY=base64:JqyMTmt5qr1CW6BH+GG+4iKfU4RiNjZTLy33TdTT7+4=
    APP_URL=https://placetopay.local

    DB_HOST=mysql
    DB_DATABASE=placetopay
    DB_USERNAME=root
    DB_PASSWORD=secret

    CACHE_DRIVER=redis
    SESSION_DRIVER=redis
    QUEUE_DRIVER=redis

    MAIL_DRIVER=smtp
    MAIL_HOST=smtp.mailtrap.io
    MAIL_PORT=2525
    MAIL_USERNAME=null
    MAIL_PASSWORD=null
    MAIL_ENCRYPTION=null

    STRIPE_KEY=
    STRIPE_SECRET=
    STRIPE_SUBSCRIPTION=

    REDIS_HOST=redis

    FILEMANAGER_DISK=s3

    PASSPORT_CLIENT_ID=1
    PASSPORT_CLIENT_SECRET=

    PASSPORT_PERSONAL_CLIENT_ID=2
    PASSPORT_PERSONAL_CLIENT_SECRET=

    AWS_KEY=
    AWS_SECRET=
    AWS_REGION=
    AWS_BUCKET=
  
  PLACETOPAY_BASE_URI=https://test.placetopay.com/redirection/
  PLACETOPAY_LOGIN=
  PLACETOPAY_TRANKEY=
    ```
    Make sure you get the AWS and Stripe Keys specific for your project from your tech lead
- Once you create this file run `php artisan migrate` to migrate the DB
- Run `php artisan app:install` and answer the questions to create the admin user.
- Run `php artisan passport:keys --force` to create the passport encryption keys.
- Open a SQL client and access the database, grab the clients in the table oauth_clients and populate the .env file with those values
    ```
    PASSPORT_CLIENT_ID=1
    PASSPORT_CLIENT_SECRET=iPpewyqB3FMfAH0Y2VRpF9VH8JuAPgshixV4humu
    ```
- Create an account in mailtrap.io and fill out the SMTP credentials for email delivery
    ```
    MAIL_USERNAME=null
    MAIL_PASSWORD=null
    ```
- Open https://placetopay.local/login and you should be able to log in.

### Compile the frontend app

The Front end app is a React SPA that runs withing the laravel application, this means we have to install dependencies and compile the react app.

- Run `npm install`
- Run `npm run dev`

This will compile the app and it will be ready to be used

# php-cs-fixer

## Running next command

Navigate to the project root and run `composer cs` .

# npm run lint

## Running next command

Navigate to the project root and run `npm run lint` .

# Tests

## Running the test suite

Navigate to the project root and run `composer test` after installing all the composer dependencies and after the .env file was created.
